### Realistic Face Rendering for 3D Mixed Reality Experience

Virtual reality (VR) has come a long way in recent years. Users can explore novel environments (both real and imagined), play games, and interact with media in an unprecedentedly immersive manner with VR. However, sharing these experiences is more difficult in virtual reality than in physical reality because the user's face is not easily visible from the outside and is partially obscured by the VR headset. Mixed Reality (MR) is a medium that alleviates some of this disconnect by sharing a VR user's virtual context in a flat video format that an audience can consume to get a sense of the user's experience.

Even though MR allows audiences to connect the VR user's actions with their virtual environment, empathizing with them is difficult because the headset hides their face. Mixed reality is a two-dimensional method of conveying what is happening inside and outside of a virtual location. We can now create a more complete picture of a person in virtual reality thanks to this new technology. Mixed Reality (MR), a related medium that shares the virtual context of a virtual reality user in a two-dimensional video format, alleviates some of this disconnect by allowing other viewers to get a sense of the user's virtual experience.

Although mixed reality allows for more sharing, the headset continues to block facial expressions and eye gaze, posing a significant barrier to a fully immersive experience and complete view of the person in virtual reality. The goal of this project is to present a solution to this problem by virtually removing the headset and revealing the face beneath it using a combination of 3D vision, machine learning, and image graphics techniques. We can now "remove" headsets in virtual reality to reveal a person's identity, focus, and full face. The solution to this problem aids in the improvement of communication via videos and video conferencing, as well as in the treatment of mental disorders.
